Edit credentials summary similar to spec (#39569)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/fetch_api/using_fetch/index.md

### Including credentials

> Credentials are cookies, {{glossary("TLS")}} client certificates, and authentication headers.
> 
> To control whether or not the browser sends credentials, as well as whether the browser respects any **`Set-Cookie`** response headers, set the `credentials` option, which can take one of the following three values:

Reviewer: I think if we're going to try to be more explicit here (and I think we should) then we should go all the way. Something like:

```suggestion
In the context of an HTTP request, a credential is an extra piece of data sent along with the request, that the server may use to authenticate the user. In a fetch request, all the following items are considered to be credentials:

- HTTP cookies
- {{glossary("TLS")}} client certificates
- The {{httpheader("Authorization")}} and {{httpheader("Proxy-Authorization")}} headers.

By default, credentials are only included in same-origin requests. To customize this behavior, as well as to control whether the browser respects any **`Set-Cookie`** response headers, set the [`credentials`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/RequestInit#credentials) option, which can take one of the following three values:
```

HOWEVER we also have the problem that the definition of "credentials" is repeated in at least three places: here, the page for [`Request.credentials`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/credentials), and the [`RequestInit`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/RequestInit#credentials) page. When the definition is short and a little vague, as it currently is, it's OK to repeat, but if we want to be definitive we should only have one copy, and link from the other two. I'm not quite sure which place should have the definition (except it should not be `Request.credentials`). I feel maybe this guide page is best?

Reviewer: @hamishwillee , I would also value your input here.

### Including credentials

> In the context of an HTTP request, a credential is an extra piece of data sent along with the request, that the server may use to authenticate the user. All the following items are considered to be credentials:

Author: @wbamberg This is a huge improvement. I also think the definitive guide should be in this file because it's easy to digest and has a high likelihood of being applicable to your first usage.

I had some edits to suggest, but I'm mostly interested in your thoughts about this one:

```suggestion
In the context of a `fetch` request, a credential is an extra piece of data sent along with the request that the server may use to authenticate the user. All the following items are considered to be credentials:
```

I'm assuming that this definition is specific to the `fetch` API, not all of HTTP. e.g., a `curl` command with a `credentials` header wouldn't behave the way this section describes, would it?

Reviewer: Sure, I'm happy with this, although "fetch" here should not get code formatting because it isn't an identifier in this context.

Author: @wbamberg I'm not sure what you mean by "an identifier in the context." Perhaps you could word it a different way?

FWIW, the reason I used code formatting was to emphasize it applies to the fetch API, not HTTP in general, and I think the word "fetch" is used colloquially to mean, "A client initiates a call to a server." I didn't want a reader to mistakenly interpret it that way.

Reviewer: I mean, there's no code entity which we'd refer to as `fetch`. There's a `fetch()` method, and we would use code formatting it we wanted to say something like "When you call `fetch()`...". When we talk about "the fetch API" we're talking about an abstraction. In the rest of this guide, and in the overview page, we actually capitalize it, like "the Fetch API".

If you wanted, you could say "In the context of the Fetch API, ...".

- HTTP cookies
- {{glossary("TLS")}} client certificates
- The {{httpheader("Authorization")}} and {{httpheader("Proxy-Authorization")}} headers.

> By default, credentials are only included in same-origin requests. To customize this behavior, as well as to control whether the browser respects any **`Set-Cookie`** response headers, set the [`credentials`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/RequestInit#credentials) option, which can take one of the following three values:

Author: I think the `Set-Cookie` response is handled differently for each of these bullet points. If I'm understanding that correctly, it may make sense to add the specifics in each one.

Reviewer: I suppose "include credentials in the response" in bullet 1 and "send **and include** credentials" in bullet 2 are clumsy ways of saying "include the `Set-Cookie` response header" (since it doesn't make sense to include, say, TLS client certificate in a response. Similarly in the later bullets about "the response, **including credentials**, will be delivered to the caller".

It would be better to be clear that this is (AFAICT) specifically about `Set-Cookie`.

It's a very complicated corner of the fetch API, and one that I tried to improve when I rewrote this doc, but there's definitely still room for improvement!
